doc: nrf: app_dev: nrf54h20: Global reset (#19608)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_architecture_pm.rst

The nRF54H20 SoC is a distributed system where each domain tries to achieve minimal power consumption for itself.
When all CPUs are ready to fully minimize power consumption by entering the System Off hardware state, the System Controller prepares the system and triggers the entrance in this state.

> To achieve optimal low power consumption, it is important to ensure that both the radio and application domains are populated with firmware, as each domain is responsible for sending its own power and clock requirements to the System Controller.
> 
> For reference implementations, refer to the :ref:`multicore_idle_test` samples.
> These samples demonstrate configurations that leverage an always idle radio core combined with an active application on the application core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve optimal low power consumption, ensure that both the radio and application domains are programmed with firmware, as each domain independently sends its power and clock requirements to the System Controller.

For reference implementations, see the :ref:`multicore_idle_test` samples.  
These samples demonstrate configurations where the radio core remains idle while the application core remains active.
```

Reviewer 2: comitted

The nRF54H20 SoC is a distributed system where each domain tries to achieve minimal power consumption for itself.
When all CPUs are ready to fully minimize power consumption by entering the System Off hardware state, the System Controller prepares the system and triggers the entrance in this state.

> It is important to have both radio and application domains populated with firmware to achieve low power consumption numbers, as the local domains are responsible for sending their own power and clock requirements to the system controller.
> Refer to :ref:`multicore_idle_test` samples for reference implementations leveraging an always idle radio core combined with an actual application on the application core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve optimal low power consumption, it is important to ensure that both the radio and application domains are populated with firmware, as each domain is responsible for sending its own power and clock requirements to the System Controller. 

For reference implementations, refer to the :ref:`multicore_idle_test` samples.
These samples demonstrate configurations that leverage an always idle radio core combined with an active application on the application core.
```
